LAB attendance is 100% this week.
This week we found to be behind schedule in code, this has caused our team to be re-organise its focuses.
Now we have the team focused on code.

Meeting on Thursday 12th May 2016
All Members attended.
SSH been taught to Ilan, Dylan and Tom.

Robot connected and current code placed on the robot. 
Found that code does not work.
Tested until robot moved but did not follow line.
Reorganised meeting for Friday 13th May 2016 - all have accepted and been reminded on friday via facebook.

Meeting Friday 13th May 2016
Attendance is 80% Michael is missing from group.

Today we are going through code and examining how much code we have.
We have code for reading white line and motor functions.
Here are the results of that code.

Test case 1:
When its near the left side of the white tape, it goes forwards,
When it has past the left side of the white tape it goes left (which suggests motors wrong way in code)
When it has past the right side, it goes in reverse

Test case 2:
total black, turning left
to the right of the line its going straight
dead on the line its turning left
to the left of the line its reversing

Test case 3:
Total black , turn left
right of line turns left 
centre - it sometimes follows forwards and then does not.

Test case 4: 
Goes in reverse
when follows white line temporarily goes into forwards then goes into backwards.

Talked with Ilan about Battery Mount concepts. Flipping the the Raspberry Pi to create more space at the front
for sensors and sensor mounts. Also the addition of a 3rd wheel.
Found Github copy and pasting does not work as characters will appear invisible on the terminal system.
Worked out to translate unicode to ASKII code and send from Windows laptop onto the text document.
We have the Progress Report due this monday
Ilan and Tom are focusing code this week.
Hardware - Raise the camera mounts, shorten chassis and flip Raspberry Pi.

Dylan - is going to try and get an emulator working.
Ilan - Start on coding and also has workload of progress report and hardware designs.
Tom - Learn the C Code and produce some basic thoery on what the robot needs to do in situations.
Michael - has prior commitments
Keisuke - Looking at C Code and will try and get up to date with where we are at.

Summary:
From todays code tests and talks with team that have attended, we have decided to re-write code

The team have not all met their goals. Ilan and Tom have achieved was what required with Dylan producing some 
working code on the weekend which is a great achievement for where we are at.
Michael is working on coding at home to catch up.
Keisuke has not commited anything.
