LAB attendance is 100% for week 3.

Our Team Objective this week was to achieve the robot driving in a straight line.
Unfortunetly we have been unable to achieve this goal; although code is coming along
with our robot being built, we have had issues using the SSH terminal to connect it to the 
Raspberry Pi.
However we have progressed alot in todays LAB and week 4 looks to bring us back on track with our 
weekly team objectives.
Team member goals:-
So this SSH learning has been difficult with the different Operating Systems.
To help tackle this, the tutors in LAB this week have given us some help 
By the end of this LAB both Dylan and Michael have achieved this to work.
Code for the robot has been checked over ready for our first operation test.
Tracks have now been assembled onto the AV and the Chassis has been reshaped for optimal size.
The mount for the camera was not the correct size but for reusability purposes our Hardware tech Ilan 
has managed to make do and resize the mount to fit. 

Infrared sensor mounts have not been completed and has been reassigned for week 4.
Leaving this the last physical component our robot is required to function 100%.
Along with Infrared Sensor code, this has been reassigned to week 4.

Weekly reports and tasks are up to date. Grammer checks along with folders and file organisation.
Tom has now learnt GitBash terminal to help with file/folder organisation.

So this last week our team has achieved most of our goals; those that have not been reached,
will be pushed onto week 4's tasks (which has been uploaded). 

At the end of the LAB we ran our first code on our robot. This was a great achievement to 
see the AV recieving the code correctly through SSH aswell as the robots motors working correctly.
Summary:-
Robot is moving faster than expected on the tracks which backs our choice for using them, given that 
the AV being slow was a potential problem.

Team Discussion:
- Team objectives and aims:
Team attendance for this meeting was 100%.
We talked about where we are at and if we are achieving what is required at this point in time.
Coming to a joint conclusion that we need to re-adjust the focus of the team a little now that 
the robot is almost fully built(infrared sensors yet to be mounted).
The new focus is on coding of the Av, we have arranged a meeting on 'Thursday, 3pm' for a code trial
and to mark our first practical testing on the maze course. In addition talks on any delegation for areas
of report writing will be handed out.
- Infrared sensors - Mount and Quantity. 
Taking into account the sight of the sensors and what we need them to scan.
We chosen for 2 sensors and at a 45 degree angle on the front of the AV, (5:0) in favor.


Note - Robot photos have been uploaded from week 2 end and week 3 end. 
